Finland is a land of forests and lakes
the forests are abundant and they grow
wood of excellent quality the forests
have always been an important source of
income for the fins as well as a place
of recreation and a visible part of the
landscape more than half of Finland's
forests are owned by private individuals
the Finns care for their forests they
are sustainably harvested and replanted
pefc certification is a guarantee of
good forest management Wood has been
processed for human needs throughout the
ages and carpentry skills have been
passed down from generation to
generation Wood is an ideal material
easily worked sustainable and beautiful
that's why almost anything can be made
from wood furniture boats buildings even
lighting columns
a unique effective end product arises
through the successful combination of
the planning constraints set by the
location as well as the customers wishes
and expert design modern design software
test optimized strengths and structural
innovations guarantee an effective
sustainable solution wooden columns are
manufactured in an environmentally
friendly way using modern machines rules
new production lines enable the flexible
production of those small series and
special products
wooden columns are manufactured from
uniform quality sustainably produced
laminated world allowing the realization
of unique ideas such as bent shapes
there are many surface colors available
and individual wishes can also be
satisfied the wooden columns are given a
protective finish tested to withstand
severe climatic conditions creative
design and a modern production chain
give rise to a continually growing range
of wooden columns suitable for different
applications or alternatively a unique
wooden column tailored to the customers
wishes a wooden column is an
environmentally friendly choice over its
entire lifecycle a wooden columns carbon
dioxide emissions are only forty percent
of a steel column the useful life of a
column made of laminated wood is decades
and wooden columns are easy to maintain
on site if necessary due to their
versatility wooden columns are suitable
for various environments ranging from
low rise residential areas and park
settings to modern commercial centres
and public spaces
wooden columns have been delivered to
countless locations in Europe and
further afield new projects are
continually being completed while at the
same time the forests of Finland are
growing new raw material